This is a head-gum original.
music
sharing sound
now you can hear
I got to talk to Mike Comote or one of these fucking audio engineers to figure out how to get loop back going on my new laptop, right?
because I tried to share
the security settings that would allow it to basically create a MIDI device, right?
like I used to
but these new fucking M processors.
I mean, it doesn't matter how fast they are, they won't let you look at hacking to do
pre-production
during the show
nobody wants to hear it
nobody gives a shit
do it before we get started
or don't do it all
but this is not the time to sort of
commiserate about what is or isn't working audio video-wise
we couldn't hear
all right, I did hear that one actually
um
spring is sprung
I don't know what else to say
it is a new season
of dreams
and
what are you guys looking forward to?
what do you guys want to leave in winter?
um
cold and rainy still so it's hurt for me to
yeah, I feel
I feel almost the opposite
like it's been to warm
warm, yeah
here
but I definitely want to leave in winter
like
wetness
um
tired of that
tired of rain, tired of
sleep, tired of snow
yeah, I met like personally
oh
um
you know, I think just
uh
the internet in general
kind of
or any of the internet behind
that's winter
yeah
for our audio only listeners
they wouldn't even know the
Danes on the show today
because he hasn't said anything yet
but he doesn't introduce
you guys felt very comfortable
talking before I introduced your ass
it's welcome to the show
Dan Cardio
how's it going?
um
it's really for to my garden
we're doing some
seed planning right now
so the lettuce and the onions
and the bell peppers
um
yeah, it's going to be good
would you say a rice?
one of the hardest things to grow
right?
it's not
don't need to flood like the grass
yeah, you do
weeks
no, you don't
then how do you grow rice
marica
you can grow rice in a pot
man
we're going to fuck up
some rice
this has been stuck in my head all week
yeah
he goes like
no, it's my dad's whole thing
he loves to tell people
they can grow rice
at home
in a pot
that's true
I remember that new segment
I thought that
that's really nice
when you make your parents
saying your thing
yeah
and like thinking about
like not being a parent
that's the one thing that I'm like
sad about
is like
kids taking on my thing
absolutely
and just to go off that
for a second
my mom was a
second grade teacher
so if I could
dumb things down for your
guys to ask is
let's all regroup
let's all come
to this with joy
because people
don't want to hear
animosity
right
I need to explain it
to you like you are
five
because if your kids
became dodger fans
just to
mirror what if you
shut the fuck up
I want to hear
the answer
let me do
no I mean I think
I would do a good job
to steer them away from that
also not living
they would probably become
metz fans
or yanky fans
first
okay with that
or you'd be the kind
of disappointed
no I'd be okay with that
for sure
you'd be okay with them being
yanky fans
you just have to let them
do their own thing
I think at the end of the day
you can try your best
off parenting
yeah I think so
me too
it's like
you feel like I wish
I wish my parents
had instilled more
like
pop culture of their
time knowledge
if I could
if I could have changed
anything
about my parents
parenting style
then I think they
didn't pretend
good job
if that's your business
plan
no I feel like all my friends
are like
yeah I love
the Beatles
because my mom loved
or something like that
and
I know that my mom
liked the Beatles
but she never
forced me to listen to them
so I like
don't care
you know what I mean
you're okay
no
of course
um
just getting
I listen
to reggae a lot
in my dad's car
so I guess that
yeah
and what was your favorite
was it
I really like the harmony house
uh
two seed volume two
CD
uh
just a compilation album
of some of
reggae's greatest
music
Steven Merchant
like it doesn't
fucking matter at this point
Barbara Rockley cast a fucker
it doesn't matter
if they're a woman
or a person of color
at this point
I'll take the widest
Brit you've got
just so we have a name
and I can stop doing this
shit
Steven Merchant
Lucas Hudges
awful
music
he just got cast in a
um
yes, so he's busy
no, no
no, no, no
he just got cast in a play
very famous
broke back the knock
I saw that
that reading it
to the next generation
at the end
to the west end
play with music
I did
by tickets this morning
I've never been more excited
about that
why doesn't Japan have like an east end
you know I don't know
I've heard that. I've heard that. Really? No.
I'd never seen broke back Mountain.
Me neither. And this will be my first time seeing it.
Life on stage.
Dana and Amir, what are your guys' bonds of the week?
Say them at the same time, please?
Alex and James.
Sorry, I couldn't hear either of you.
Right.
Did you say that last?
Dana, who did you say?
Alex and your German.
Who's that?
He plays Utrid, son of Utrid in the last kingdom.
It's a good pick.
And then Amir, you said a sweaty white guy.
Austin Reeves, yeah.
Because he had a good game last night.
He's playing well. He's playing really well.
He's well.
That's this basketball.
Yeah.
Team waxing basket ball.
We're chatting basket ball.
That's my team names.
My team name references.
What song?
Yeah, should we check in on the headgun bracket challenge?
Let's do it.
Turn him oldie over by the time this comes out though, right?
That's yeah.
That is absolutely true.
Currently I'm sitting in fourth.
It's solid.
Not on wood.
My God.
Speedcassers in first.
I don't know who FDIC and Shared Bracket is.
That's you.
That's me.
Hell yeah.
Dan's in second.
Big winner will.
And third and big winner Jeff and fourth.
Amir, you're in 12th sitting shitty.
Well, I like to focus on max points possible going forward.
Which, by the way, is how this is.
That puts me in really.
Oh, no, it's not.
Yeah, you did pretty good with max points.
Your first to do is get everything else correctly going forward.
But actually, you kind of pick with your heart though.
More so.
Yeah, I see a lot going all the way.
So in the future, if you guys are listening to this, you'll know how I did.
Based on whether or not you see a one the tournament.
And I had Houston going all the way and Houston.
Me too.
So Murray, can I might win?
I'd be pretty cool.
Why do I take Houston to win?
I picked all of my teams based on one website that I don't remember the name of.
Uh, streets in New York.
And in first, the University of Houston.
Uh, my final four, the only one still in it is Houston.
You have a, I had you have a in Houston in the championships.
So that sucks.
Yeah, Arizona lost a Princeton.
Those fucking nerds in the first round.
Can you believe that there are already smart.
And now they're just beating.
Nationally ranked basketball powerhouses.
Well, you have to assume you've a just didn't take it seriously enough.
Right.
They were out partying on it before for sure.
It is a party school.
The fuck is that supposed to mean?
It's known for their social events.
Greek life.
And uh, party general party atmosphere.
Didn't we learn that?
Were you in the, uh, and Uber when we were in Scottsdale?
Because that's where it is, right?
I feel like our Uber driver told us that exact information.
I really, I think it's in Tucson.
But yeah, it's all just around there.
I, I got deja vu some first some reason.
deja Tucson.
Nice.
Um.
G.
Oh.
Is that real?
It's not real.
Oh.
There's no way.
Sorry.
Oh.
What?
I said, you don't fart all day during this show.
I don't.
Really.
Uh, you, you guys are familiar with Phoma, right?
Yeah.
Fear of missing out.
What about Jomo?
The joy of missing out?
That's actually really cool.
If it was an acronym, but I was thinking it for like a boys name.
The jeans of missing out.
The jeans of having them.
Jaff.
Is your shirt open all the way?
Or does it button at the way, way, way bottom?
It buttons halfway down.
I see.
Fine.
I'm going to France.
So I'm starting to dress like I'm Parisian.
Yeah.
They don't dress like that, really.
They have.
I was going to say, do you have like new balances?
Yeah.
Like, really.
Okay.
You got to bring those.
Bring those for sure.
What else?
Let me know.
Just like jeans.
I mean, definitely for sure.
I'm wearing jeans, man.
Okay.
Yeah.
I couldn't see them.
I knew you were laying down on a bed as you want to do.
I'm sitting here.
Sorry, Dan.
Ready to converse with you without calm.
I love that.
Yeah.
That's a big of you.
Sorry, one second.
What do you think he's texting?
Um, I kind of feel like he's bringing up the notes app.
Um, tag yourself.
She and Putin.
I think it mirrors kind of a sheet.
She.
Let's get to some really important stuff.
HDD.
How does Dan do?
Please fill us in.
Me?
Dan!
Um, how do I do in one way?
Loud fart during that.
Dan, how does Dan do?
What are some of your principles?
Ways that you live by?
No, I don't have a lot actually.
Really.
I feel like I had a lot of, um,
Well, I do still have some of this in like over context.
It's like needing to like control things.
And I'm trying to like let go of that.
Hmm.
I think I'm doing an okay job.
My last job.
It was really bad.
And like my mental health was not good because of it.
But, um,
I feel like we talked about some of our like year.
What it will like year resolutions.
And one of them was to pop in.
Right.
I've been doing the pop.
I've done a couple of poppins.
I also had a dinner.
I made a bunch of dinner less weekend.
Yeah.
And there's probably the best meal I've ever made for like a vegan audience too,
which is tough.
A lot of constraints.
Um, spicy potato floutas,
um,
basket tacos,
avocado corn salad.
There's really good.
Oh, off.
Yeah.
That sounds really good.
I'm starving right now.
So that's extra year.
What's a basket taco?
It is.
You just fold the taco with some fillings.
And like a make your own situation.
Hmm.
It could be.
Yeah.
And there's like some like chili red sauce on the inside and the outside of it.
So it's like more red red looking.
Fun, fun.
Dane, do you feel like they're getting what you're saying?
Like do you want me to go to bat for you?
Because I will.
It looks fast.
It's not a girl.
It's a big question.
Um, how else does Dane do?
I haven't.
I don't journal.
So I don't know these things about myself.
I haven't really done a lot of self reflection this year to the honest.
So that's fair.
I mean, where where was the where is the time?
Yeah.
Where's the time?
Where's the motivation?
More so.
Why do any of this work?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
Well, there's a tenant right there is maybe care a little bit less about, you know,
your job and adopt a little bit more of an Italian file.
Mine, sir.
Oh, what?
My gas just comes out the other end.
Why is that any better?
It's a little less gross.
It's less funny.
What kind of mindset do you say?
Uh, an Italian mindset just in terms of like,
you know, the thing with Europeans is off.
They don't value work.
Like Americans.
And by the way, Americans don't even want to work.
Did you guys know that?
We did.
So it's this weird juxtaposition where it's like Americans value work too much.
But obviously, they don't want to go to work.
And it's hard to like, you know, no one wants to work anymore.
Basically is the thing that I've started to hone in on being my reason why the world sucks.
Uh, and Europe.
It's got changed that for you.
I got embarrassed.
My whole deal is going to change.
I mean, it already is like how French I look.
Yeah.
What's the one thing that you want to take back with you from France?
Um, don't know much about the French you look.
Would you participate in any of the protests?
That could be fun.
Yeah.
Maybe I want to come back with a greater understanding of why.
Like a militant just past activism.
Yeah.
I want to storm the barricade.
I've never thought this.
But today, I woke up being like,
Macron passed the blue blue.
It's fucking on because I'm almost.
I'm staying near the best deal.
I should, which I feel fine saying.
You're not going to France.
You're seeing a production of lame is in Long Beach.
Community theater.
But I got an Airbnb.
Now that's a Lucian.
Yeah.
The hell.
What a plan.
Pressing the beat for sure.
What.
That's the third mood.
The division.
How can head gum become climate neutral.
So delicious.
To the plan now.
We have to move on.
Do you want to talk about the plan song?
I want to talk about the song, but I do want to say that.
When you brought that call
water
wet flan water all over the
Oh my
Sure
What to caramelize sugar
one and two chip
Pressing the soundboard as it cleans the
keyboard
computer
Oh yeah
I was just trying to show you how
this is it
Yeah, so what I was trying to say was when you
brought it over and you took a piece of it out of the pot
My first thought was that you were eating like
gelatinous
broth
That's that's the vibe it was getting
This isn't this isn't vanilla pudding
Was this was the background vocal like weird and off beat
or was that just your singing?
No, it was he was rushing
at for sure
So the background was the actual from the song
but Jeff was singing it weird or was like a weird out of tune version of that song
and he was singing to that beat
The former
Can you guys ever just like take something i do at face value?
Why do you have to like dissect its meaning and what i did to prepare for it or not?
Let's hear just the song part
What am I do good flan?
Yeah, so this is correct
Somebody might be a good flan
What a flan
I might be a good flan
How much was that flan?
Uh
$3 i think i don't know
$5 i didn't look at the item i was received i just was at
Gelsen's last night and i bought it
Yeah
It's like a six pack
4 pack
Three more flan
Honestly it's not bad it looks grosser than it is
Um three more in flanagan's
Nice
Real Monday energy to this episode
I think it's going fine
How is that? What's happening?
What is it? What are you doing?
Is that your dog?
No this is not my dog
It's a tag
It's that your dog
This is not my dog
This is a tag
I'm asking again
If you think this is my dog
I didn't see it like that i just saw this kind of dark blackish gray looking thing
You're the camera and we'll ask
Time that up in the me it was a cat as fostering
Great episode for the audio only listeners for sure
Yeah, the meers holding a tag and i asked him if it was his dog
Um
Listen
How long have we had america you and i mostly you host the pit wall
And f1 podcast for casual fans right?
Sure
Can you answer in like a strong affirmative?
Yes
I am one of the hosts that has been on it more than you have
Uh
Very fun show
If you like formula one i think there's a lot of um good puns
Uh good banter
Uh there's a whole bit the other week about uh how
Who was who was that in who was on i just think Casey saying if blank is that he land strolls on
Yeah, that was good
Um you know, got a quicky one liners
Got a quicky one liners
But you know we have a lot of room to grow and improve because the show is still pretty young and we
Aren't always weekly i think now we're weekly but there are last season we weren't
So i just thought that we could listen to a little bit of last week's episode
And try and get your guys' feedback and notes
Does that make sense?
Uh sure you weren't on this episode
Right which is why i'm like you know
There's no conflict of interest there because i wasn't on it so i'll be objective
Right so it's just kind of like um
Uh bombardment of me
We're gonna fuck up some rice
All right uh here we go
Is a head gum original?
Good so far. Yeah, that's normal
Great theme song
Casey made that
Yeah
Sort of 80's side by
Roll
Beep beep
Love the energy from Casey
To the pit wall
This is my first episode back have all the intro's been like this
No no yes
And then break a line so these things face
If we saw right there to be stopped right there
Spear out of the power too
Ha ha
I feel like people come to podcast for honesty
Would you disagree?
Pants on the podcast
It's wondering what you got me there
You got me there
It has been the same
Damn i love it the new Casey
Yeah
Trying to open up the show
With a lot of energy trying to scare people when they come back
I'm the record
So far so good
Uh welcome to the pit wall everybody this is uh
Is this going for a little one podcast for casual fans?
I'm the pit wall principle the podcast principle
Can I just jakes not here? Can I give jaken up?
Sure
He's not speaking with the gravitas to somebody
He's been in podcasting for almost a decade
Right like he sounds nervous to be on the show
Maybe he was
Right and I'm just like yeah
I'm here can you call jake?
Call him out
Call him right now
No and say what
And just put him on speaker and then
Let him hear me say
Why don't you call him?
You have his number and then you can see direct
The tune how it if I called him how would he hear you?
You could put the microphone up to the fucking earphones
What is weird about this request?
Right seems it seems like there's a middle man here
You can just calm directly
All right he's not going to pick up my call
That's my thing, but yeah, let's just try
Things to eat
Yeah, and he's right too
God
The worst episode of right
Yeah, he blocked you for sure
I might need to do not disturb one
Like I didn't even ring one
If you call again, it might penetrate the do not disturb shield
Let's just keep going
Okay, see donning you
Sorry, it's this is the first thing I'm doing all day today
I am the pit let's get behind
Right
I was at Lamont
And I
Sorry stop
Is this a bra?
It's hard like to tell which is like last week's real
Yeah, it's like nearly impossible to decipher when the clip ends
And you you guys start talking anything
All right, do you have a better idea of how to do this than because we have to do it
It was
It wasn't bragg
I don't know, for me the one's a bragg
It was just space, right, forget race
Are you participating in that or
I'm just trying to take advantage of as much as I can
So if I have an opportunity to brag about going to
An esteemed race
On the
East side of France
I'm going to do it
I'm just watching hi
How is this good?
This one
Fine, you know, let's just skip ahead to the end of the episode
And we'll see how we wrap things up
And then we'll wrap the segment up
I'm going to I'm going to sponsor
Williams for
$50,000
What's one is it?
Sorry, I'm getting confused about if Maria is speaking or if it's the episode
From last week
I'm actually throwing my voice
Meaning
You know, like how Ben Triliquist do
Because you can see her lips aren't moving
Uh-huh
It just froze and I think it's for the better
You're probably right
Welcome to the price of Sprite
You know it
Uh, the price is right rules
Uh, here's what we're going to do
Right, where do you think most people consume Sprite
Of the gas station
Right
I don't know about that
Yeah, restaurants are something
Bottles are something
Because you're talking about soda fountains which is a different sort of economic model
Sure, sure, sure, sure
Like a 20-ounce bottle, a glass bottle, what are we talking
Like yeah, 20-ounce
Okay, I'm thinking now I think the the driving force of the Sprite economy is a two-liter
Yeah
Yeah, I agree with that
So pizza places
Yeah
All right, unless they're doing Pepsi
Well in my head and this whole segment was based around this was that people mostly drink Sprite that they buy a gas station
Sure, I'll take that
So what we're going to do is
Prices right rules
I'm going to list out five different gas stations
You're going to say what you think the cost of a bottle of Sprite is there
And then I'm going to give them a call
And cross reference and get the actual answer
Okay, wait, can some of these are all in LA
These are all in Los Angeles, California
Yeah, great
So there might be a little bit of a price difference right
Uh, 20-ounce
What's that?
20-ounce
Uh, yeah, 20-ounce
Whatever the normal one is it, is that 20-ounce's
Yes
Yes, okay
So here we go
What do you guys got?
Which one?
What's that?
What area?
Hollywood
2019, we've got 2019 from Maria
I'm here already got
All right, somewhere in 9
Here we go
I'm calling them
Hey, you reached Jake
Hi
Hi, I was just calling to see
How much do you guys charge for a bottle of Sprite?
For what?
For a bottle of Sprite
I don't know
I'm not, I'm not the 4 guys
I'm the canister
Okay
So should I just pop in
Then
Oh, that'd be great
Do something
Yeah, okay, thank you so much
Okay
Day and I'm sorry
You uh
You didn't get it
That's real time so it's pushing me over
Let's uh, let's give it to
Miran Marieka
Uh, for guessing to something
Which is what they said it was, so that's exactly right
Uh, taking things over to axon mobile
Uh, here we go
Uh, given them a call
What do you guys think axon mobile
Or just for a bottle of Sprite
Where?
In Hollywood
And are we sure all of these have stores of them?
Uh, we are
Adam here
Go to 79
I'm sticking with 3-10
Hi
What do you guys charge for a bottle of Sprite in your quick mark?
Yeah
Uh, maybe
3-10
Okay, thank you
Oh great, thank you so much
Thank you
24, he said
Wow, that's going to give it to
Uh
Wait, what did you guys even say?
I'm here. Yeah, I'm your got it closest
I feel like that's a plus tax
That's with plus tax, that's just because you want to be more right
Shell
What are you guys thinking?
I mean, now I'm going to go 284
I don't think it's going to differ that much
Between gas station
Dane
I'm here
And I also think you should clarify
20 ounce bottle
27 day
Hi, uh
Hey, uh, what do you guys charge for your 20 ounce bottles of Sprite?
What do you guys charge for your
Uh, bottles of Sprite in the quick mark?
Like how much is a bottle?
What do the bottles order?
Yeah
What kind of soda you need?
Oh, just just a 20 ounce bottle of Sprite
Okay, thank you so much
I think that was Mariko, wasn't it?
Dane, you sent 270
27 day is almost exactly correct
That's actually really impressive
Arco?
What are you guys thinking?
Come on, let's keep the energy high, right?
I don't understand
The energy
Arco
Never heard of that
Arco is a great
You don't have Arco?
No, but do you have compirling farms?
No, but at least I'm not shocked
at the notion of they're being a regional gas station
You're like, I wasn't
What?
I wasn't shocked, you said it so weirdly
That I can't even hear
Wow, you know what?
I try my best to make a fun game for you guys to play on a Monday afternoon
All right, the price of Sprite
I think that's kind of fun
You guys are sitting at me time?
Yeah, Mariko's doing one smiling
Dane looks like he would
I'm in fun, I don't know what you're talking about
All right, I'm merely like, oh yeah, whatever
I already, yeah, this is fucked up
Arco, let's do it
I'm here, what's wrong?
Just fucking call him 259
259, thank you, Dane
282, 282, Maria?
Can you, can you get them to actually scan it?
How's it?
272, all right
And a reminder, this is Arco
These are the movies
The person you have Skyled can't take your call now
At the cones, they're gonna record your message
When you have finished recording, simply hang up
Or press the pound table for further actions
I was just calling to see
How much you charge for a 20 ounce bottle of Sprite
Um, that doesn't matter. No leave them that's good.
Can I say your phone number?
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, man.
Got them.
I forgot.
I'm so now I'm nervous that we're live any time.
I'm about to burn myself.
Traumatized.
Okay.
Chevron.
Bring us home, right?
We should say that who's in the lead here, right?
No idea. No idea.
I think it's Marie.
It's not enough.
I don't think I've gotten this single one.
That's true.
Chevron.
I'm going to go fucking to 19 again.
All right.
245.
That has been disconnected.
No longer in service.
Guys, the gas and fossil fuel industry is not thriving.
I honestly started a lot better than I thought it would.
I thought no one was going to pick up the phone.
Well, I think a mere one.
But if that's incorrect, I'll fix it in post.
Americans really are paying at the pump.
First, right?
Nice.
The hell is this?
What is this?
I try so hard to come up with new inventive segments that
are not just like, oh, like Jesse or Paul McCartney who said this shit.
You're calling gas stations.
Yes.
Bullshit.
Right.
It's basically who said this.
Jesse or Paul McCartney bullshit.
That's the same.
Vinnie Thomas just tried to call me.
But I think that he tried to call his cousin because he keeps doing that.
He's like, oh, sorry.
I meant to call my cousin Greg.
Um, anyway.
Plugs.
What do you guys got going on?
When you want to point to people too.
Unless there's something else you want to do.
Because this was supposed to be a little bit longer than this, right?
Yeah.
I, I want to know what everyone mixes.
Sprite with.
Like if you were at a, if you're at like a cook free cell machine.
Yeah.
What do your flavor of choice be?
Or raspberry ice teak and a guy.
Yeah.
So not a side.
I was going to say to keel up, but I don't think they provide that.
I mean, you know, at an AMC with the bar, it's highly possible.
I like the cherry, the cherry derivatives.
Yeah.
Take a minute and we're going surely temples a lot recently.
That's fun.
Which is what Granny means, right?
Yeah.
Pardon my French.
But I think it'd be nice to have like a petri dish with one bit of spit
from every lover I've ever had mixed into the spray.
Mm.
What do you regionally call the drinks where you added all of the sodas?
I see what said.
Oh.
What was that called for you?
I don't know why I had a name for it.
We call them suicides.
Same.
I've heard that one.
But we're the fuck did it make sure.
This is literally about to be over in five minutes.
I came up with a punch up for the flan song.
Okay.
Actually two.
One is much shorter and worse.
Let's start with that one.
Flan, flan, flan, flan.
Like the thongs on.
Correct.
Nice.
And then this one I like a little bit more.
Sorry.
I'm going to try and find a karaoke version of it because otherwise it's not going to work.
I like that you said you thought of a punch up and then you were like this is shorter and worse.
The flan.
Have you had flan?
Truly Jeff sent me a text like a few weeks ago.
That was a video of a thing of Reynolds rap foil.
And it's him picking up the foil.
And it's like when you say have you used this?
The Reynolds rap.
We had to use this.
It made me laugh so hard.
Plugs.
What do you guys got going on?
I'll just plug my shit up top because I got like to get the ball rolling at you.
Every James on Instagram.
That's all I ask of you.
And this is a pit wall.
It's better than this made it seem exactly right.
I kind of butcher the bitch.
This comes out April 7th.
So yeah, I have nothing to plug.
Follow me at Marie Gailon on Instagram Twitter and Letterboxed.
Listen, the pit wall.
Watch all of the headgum sketches that are coming out.
Some new Jake and Amir's.
Some new off days.
And you'd read the dumb ass.
Some new day in the strive we should say.
Oh, huge.
Spad Riley coming back.
She's been back.
You haven't been watching.
She hasn't been there.
She was there once.
I'm at the her.
I met her whole series that we started and posted one episode.
I think there's like two of those coming.
Nice.
We love that.
So watch all those subscribe to headgum on TikTok.
And YouTube.
That's it.
That's a lot.
What do you got?
You can follow me.
You can follow me at Dame Cardio at Instagram and Twitter.
I think I got the plug Brad Hill.
Another headgum employee.
Very good at D&D.
It's a good.
He's a good dungeon master.
Wow.
Her towel.
So shout out to him.
Oh yeah.
Amir.
Yeah.
The YouTube videos.
Murray can yield it.
YouTube.com slash headgum.
We're back.
Been back for like a year.
Yeah.
So how long can you say we're back?
It's like if I wish you a happy new year in March.
It still surprises people.
That's true.
That pesky pandemic sort of interrupted the whole workflow.
Yeah.
Expectations of once a week.
Every Friday.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's been three years.
Really.
Yeah.
Mm.
Usually you end on like a button.
I want to see the car that I bought this model car.
This was my I survived Jeff's 24-hour live stream.
A purchase for myself.
Meaning you survived watching.
I know producing producing a lot of production for it.
Work for sure.
For sure.
Ultimately.
Yeah.
You know, I didn't stay up the full 24.
It was more like 18 a break.
Yeah.
Another day.
But.
Honestly seated by sleeping a little bit.
It's probably harder than not sleeping.
That's why I didn't sleep.
That's why I didn't know I was sleeping for that.
Yeah.
So we could technically had it harder.
Because she was like.
Toiling with RAM.
And then it was staff.
I'm constantly toying with her.
As established by the text.
I sent it 330.
Um.
The other day.
For sure.
Yeah.
That was a hit dumb original.